- [Instructor] We took a small peek at the open
API specification.
However, there are many additional objects
within the spec that can be used to create API definitions.
Let's take a high-level look at the specification
to explore these new objects.
OAS-compliant definition files may contains seven
sections at the root level.
Within these seven objects we can nest additional
properties to build a definition for an API.
OAS definitions can be built with either YAML or JSON.
However, in this course we will use YAML
because it is the most common markup
you will encounter when using Swagger.
Of these initial sections, only the info
and paths object are required.
However, the paths and components objects
are arguably the two most important
within an API definition.
We'll do most of the work within these sections
throughout the course.
We've had a glimpse at the info object.
It contains general API information
such as a name and description for the API.
It also allows us to provide other details
like the developer's contact information
and a link to the license for the API.
The server's object can identify the URL
and a description of the servers hosting the API.
This can be very useful for tagging development servers.
Often we'll provide URLs to the multiple
environments that are hosting our API
implementations such as URLs to the dev, UAT,
and production instances of our API.
The security object allows you to describe
how the API is secured by specifying information
regarding API keys, OWA flows, or security cookies.
When consumers of the API definition read
this section, they will understand what
is required from an authentication
and authorization perspective for access to API resources.
Within the paths object, we can specify multiple
paths or end points that describe how to access
resources on the API.
The paths object probably requires the most
information of all sections of the spec
because we describe the incoming and outgoing
data requirements in detail.
Using the tags object, we can define tags
that can be used to group API operations.
The external doc section allows us to provide
links to external resources about the API
that are hosted elsewhere.
Finally, the components object allows you
to define common schema objects, parameters,
request bodies, and responses that may be used
throughout the API.
This section creates the ability to reuse
components as opposed to repeating the same
definitions over and over.
Without this reusability, API definitions
would be much harder to manage.
So that is a glimpse of the open API
specification at the top level.
We'll dive into the details for most
of these sections so you can build your API
definition files to suit your needs.